23:28 BEFORE SHIBUYA STREAM
Kusakabe!
Hey, Kusakabe!
Found you.
Panda, it's nothing like
what you've told me.
Huh?
I'm talking about Itadori.
No, that was Sukuna...
Itadori holds dominance over his body.
Isn't that what they said?
Let me speak frankly.
Now that Gojo has disappeared,
no matter how Itadori will be punished,
I won't join your side.
I agree to execute Yuji Itadori.
22:36 LOCAL TIME
KUALA LUMPUR, MALAYSIA
I'm truly sorry.
You must be exhausted, Ui Ui.
Let's share the bed today.
But this is so inappropriate.
Do you dislike me
being inappropriate?
Of course not—
Sorry, someone is calling me back.
Aww, you are so meanie!
Sorry to bother you at night.
Ah, I forgot it's morning over there.
Me? I'm in Kuala Lumpur.
Yes, I used Ui Ui's technique.
I nearly got killed.
I advise you to sell all Japanese Stocks
and real estate in Tokyo.
I have even exchanged all my money.
Yes, immediately.
Major developed countries will
inevitably be affected negatively.
No matter what, Japan still has
the world's third-largest economy.
Anyway, it's up to you.
No, don't thank me.
Just stay in there as usual.
I'm looking forward
to our cooperation.
What's wrong brother?
Are you feeling unwell?
23:28 SHIBUYA STATION
B3, DENEN-TOSHI LINE PLATFORM
I must go.
Yuji Itadori...
Who exactly are you?
I must figure it out.
What...
...am I?
Do you need me to save you,
23:36 SHIBUYA POLICE STATION
Mahito.
SITE OF UDAGAWA POLICE STATION
He just called him \"Geto\"!
Give him back...
Give Mr. Gojo back!
Seeing catfish as a monster
associated with earthquake
is a folk tale from the mid-Edo era.
They believed that a giant catfish
moving underground
was the cause of earthquakes.
What just happened?!
You thought you were falling, right?
But in others' eyes,
you just tripped.
The advantage of cursed spirits manipulation
is its endless tactics.
It can command various cursed spirits
of Semi Grade 1 or higher grade.
Even if one is seen through or broken,
you can just release a new cursed spirit.
You can also launch
all of them at once.
This thing...
In the Night Parade of
a Hundred Demons last year,
if he hadn't spread forces
to Shinjuku and Kyoto,
he would have won
instead of Okkotsu.
But this has nothing
to do with you.
Give him back...
Even I have to admire it.
Sukuna's vessel is really tough.
I've always known it.
Because I was...
...born from you humans.
Shall we continue?
Let's talk about
the future of the world.
EPISODE 46: TRANSFORMATION PART 2
JUJUTSU KAISEN SEASON 2:
SHIBUYA INCIDENT
Do you know about
the 'Maximum' technique?
That is equivalent to the essence
of techniques, apart from the \"Domain.\"
Cursed Spirits Manipulation,
Maximum: Uzumaki.
It combines absorbed
cursed spirits into one,
forming an ultra-dense cursed energy
to attack the opponent.
Why are you laughing?
Ah, sorry.
I just thought that I now
behave just like him.
We were talking
about \"Uzumaki\", right?
\"Uzumaki\" is indeed strong,
but it negates Cursed Spirit
Manipulation's advantage and gives up
the diversity of attacks.
So I initially had little interest in it.
I thought it was just recycling
low-grade cursed spirits for future use.
But I was wrong.
Uzumaki's true value...
...is only manifested when using
Semi Grade 1 or higher cursed spirits.
Which is...
...Extraction of techniques.
How foolish.
Do you think I would not notice
the presence you can sense?
A signal! And the target is...
...right below Nishimiya!
A sniper rifle?
How nice.
I also think that when
dealing with sorcerers,
one should actively use
conventional weapons.
When I was the captain of
a children's basketball team,
my mom often
dyed my hair black.
Later in junior high,
I met my master.
Let alone a real sword,
I had never held a wooden
or bamboo sword.
Yet I still chose
to become a sorcerer.
I keep swinging the sword
because I don't want to become
a burden to my mom.
I keep swinging the sword...
...because I don't want to die.
New Shadow Style.
This sword...
...carries everything in the past...
...and in the future.
Even if I can no longer wield a sword,
I won't regret it!
Quick Draw!
Maximum:
Uzumaki.
Wait!
New Shadow?
That's great.
Fortunately, the person
who came isn't bad.
Mr. Kusakabe!
If you come out,
it will be pointless!
I don't have any choice, okay?!
Itadori.
You're Itadori now, right?
Senior Panda!
AND PEOPLE FROM KYOTO
Great.
I'M CURRENTLY A GORILLA
You are back.
Is that the man
who has Satoru Gojo
and the Prison Realm?
It seems so.
But what's the fun in carrying
that kind of nuisance around?
Who is he?
He's Suguru Geto on the outside.
But I have no idea who's inside.
Hi, Choso.
That guy is...
I have three parents.
Mother, the cursed spirit that
made my mother pregnant,
and the one who blended in his own blood
and manipulated my mother,
the detestable...
So you've noticed.
So that's how it was.
Noritoshi Kamo!
Kamo?
Noritoshi?!
NORITOSHI KAMO
Me?
What? What does that mean?
The stain of the Kamo family.
The most evil sorcerer in history.
If it's really him, the person inside Geto
would be over 150 years old!
An outrageous barrier technique,
with a ludicrous cursed tool.
Having a Cursed Technique
that can replace physical bodies...
That's suitable to be
the mastermind indeed.
Noritoshi Kamo is just
one of my many names.
Call me whatever you like.
How dare you...
...try to make me...
...kill my little brother Itadori!
Step aside.
Don't make me wait too long.
Get out of my way!
I am the older brother!
JUJUTSU KAISEN SEASON 2
Due to the influence of my technique,
I can sense my brothers' anomalies,
no matter how far away they are.
My little brothers died.
Death.
For a living creature,
it's the last and biggest anomaly.
At that time,
I strongly sensed Yuji Itadori 's
\"death\" before my eyes.
In other words, Yuji...
...is my blood-related brother.
If Noritoshi Kamo can keep replacing
his body to prolong his life,
then nothing is impossible.
In that case...
I will do my utmost to fulfill
my duty as the older brother.
Blood Manipulation?!
Such a strong pressure!
So fast!
So this is Piercing blood!
Don't push yourself.
You must be tired, right?
So what?
Is that a reason not to fight
to the death for my brother?!
I'm just asking, but...
You're not related, right?
Absolutely not, he almost
killed me last time.
Todo considers you a brother too. Do you
emit some kind of strange pheromones?
But thanks to his interference,
we can seize this opportunity.
Yeah.
I have two lives left,
so I'll take the lead.
If we attack together,
he will show his flaw, right?
We must take back
Prison Realm by any means.
Drumming—
Ice Formation:
Frost Calm.
It's quite an advanced
cursed technique of ice!
If you move recklessly,
your body will shatter.
Don't kill him.
We need someone to pass on information.
Is that a reason
to let all of them be alive?
Reverse Cursed Technique...
The scale of their cursed technique
far surpasses ours.
I want to go home.
This level of ice is nothing.
Flowing Red Scale.
Which level did you say?
Whose body do you think that is?!
Only the ice on me is especially fragile.
It seems she's related to Sukuna.
You are a friend, right?
No!
I am your big brother.
Can you take this seriously?!
Why don't you try to call me that?
Call me brother.
Tool Manipulation.
Wind Scythe!
Damn it, he blocked it bare-handed!
Itadori!
We're the only ones
who can move right now!
Before Miss Utahime is ready,
we need to buy time.
The messenger...
Yuji Itadori alone will be enough!
Ice Formation:
Icefall!
We're gonna be—
Long time no see.
Geto.
You can answer my question
from that time now, right?
What type of woman do you like?
Yuki Tsukumo.
When people's happiness
conflicts with each other,
there will be misery.
But when misery
conflicts with each other,
there will likely be more misery.
Next Episode: \"Shibuya Incident, Close.\"
Let's use a warmer quilt tonight.